Mentioned problem matchers and running cargo-watch as a VS Code Task (#5407)
rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer: docs/user/manual.adoc

```

You can use any valid RegExp as a mask. Also note that a full runnable name is something like *run bin_or_example_name*, *test some::mod::test_name* or *test-mod some::mod*, so it is possible to distinguish binaries, single tests, and test modules with this masks: `"^run"`, `"^test "` (the trailing space matters!), and `"^test-mod"` respectively.

==== Compiler feedback from external commands

> Instead of relying on the builtin `cargo check`, rust-analyzer can run a command in the background and use the `$rustc-watch` problem matcher to parse its output to generate inline error markers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of relying on the built-in `cargo check`, you can configure Code to run a command in the background and use the `$rustc-watch` problem matcher to generate inline error markers from its output.
```

To do this you need to create a new https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks[VS Code Task] and set `rust-analyzer.checkOnSave.enable: false` in preferences.

> For example, if you want to run https://crates.io/crates/cargo-watch[`cargo watch`] instead you might add the following to `.vscode/tasks.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to run https://crates.io/crates/cargo-watch[`cargo watch`] instead, you might add the following to `.vscode/tasks.json`:
```

```json
{
    "label": "Watch",
    "group": "build",
    "type": "shell",

>     "command": "cargo watch --package rust-analyzer",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "command": "cargo watch",
```
